-T 10
float_int_inv_square_false-unreach-call.c             true
inv_square_false-unreach-call.c                       true
sin_interpolated_index_false-unreach-call.c           true
float-flags-simp1_true-unreach-call.i                 TIMEOUT
float-no-simp2_true-unreach-call.i                    unknown
float-no-simp3_true-unreach-call.i                    TIMEOUT
float-no-simp4_true-unreach-call.i                    unknown
float-no-simp7_true-unreach-call.i                    unknown
float-no-simp8_true-unreach-call.i                    unknown
float-to-double2_true-unreach-call.i                  TIMEOUT
float13_true-unreach-call.i                           unknown
float14_true-unreach-call.i                           TIMEOUT
float1_true-unreach-call.i                            TIMEOUT
float2_true-unreach-call.i                            TIMEOUT
float4_true-unreach-call.i                            unknown
float7_true-unreach-call.i                            unknown
float8_true-unreach-call.i                            unknown
newton_1_4_false-unreach-call.i                       true
newton_1_5_false-unreach-call.i                       true
newton_1_6_false-unreach-call.i                       true
newton_1_7_false-unreach-call.i                       true
newton_1_8_false-unreach-call.i                       true
newton_2_6_false-unreach-call.i                       true
newton_2_7_false-unreach-call.i                       true
newton_2_8_false-unreach-call.i                       true
newton_3_6_false-unreach-call.i                       true
newton_3_7_false-unreach-call.i                       true
newton_3_8_false-unreach-call.i                       true
sine_1_false-unreach-call.i                           true
sine_2_false-unreach-call.i                           true
sine_3_false-unreach-call.i                           true
square_1_false-unreach-call.i                         true
square_2_false-unreach-call.i                         true
square_3_false-unreach-call.i                         true

Statistics:             81 Files
  correct:              47
    correct true:       45
    correct false:       2
  incorrect:            20
    incorrect true:     20
    incorrect false:     0
  unknown:              14
  Score:              -548 (max: 140)

